download playbook system bug (#3119)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the `--incident-id` argument (optional) to the **run** command.
* Fixed an issue in **run-unit-tests** and **update-content-graph** where running commands in a docker container was done with insufficient permissions.
* Added the `_time` field to the output compare table of the **modeling-rules test** command.

> * Changed the endpoint to download a system content item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed the endpoint **download** uses to get system content items.
```
